This is a web- application called YourStore
Language: C# Technology :Asp.net core MVC. The project is created from scratch. This project was completed by following the instructions of the mentor in Youtube and LinkedIn Ervis Trupja by creating an app store.
For creating this project we choose Asp.net core web application, and an empty project. In visual studio 2019 select Properties, select NuGet and install the package of Microsoft.ASpNetCore.App and install, my version is 2.1.1. 
Description:This project has home page, cloth page with dropdown category all clothes, men and women, contact us, about, register and login and add to cart and the sign of carriage after adding in carriage and also adding information of client if he deciede to buy it.
For populating and creating the database is not like mvc in asp.net web application. First in Data folder we have Appdb Context. For creating the database after creating a cotroller, view, viewmodel and models we go to :View(in toolbar of visual studio)-->Other Windows-->Package Manager Console and in it we write Add-Migration NameYouWant(in my case Initial), and after you creating them you ought to write in packe-manager console Update-Database.But if you want to populate database before update in Data folder I have a file called DbIiitializer and there are some values, and in Startup.cs where there is the method Configure you ought to write "DbInitializer.Seed(serviceProvider);" as I have written to populate database. For seeing the database it is in :View-->Sql Server Object Explorer and it is in localdb of your server computer. But before making all these you ought to create in Your store application a file by clicking in the name of your project in my case :YourStory with right click AddNew-->Item--> Write in search box apps and you will see a file of 'App Settings File' with the name appsettings.json, leave it with this name and there you will see the file localhost configuring database. Change the name of "Database= " , in my case "Database=YourStore" and be sure that in your computer you have sql server configuration manager and sqlserver(MSSQLSERVER) sql server agent running.
If you want to delete a migration from database write in PM>Remove-Migration or delete in migration repository by yourself. In this project you will see also two file of my database"YourStore.mdf" and "YourStore_log.Idf" that are not necessary, because you will create by yourself with Add-Migration and update.
If later in your project you want to change the first population of database delete folder Migration. Close up visual studio and in localdiskc, user,(your user name), search for database like mine and delete from it, you know that your project in visual studio that are saved are in (C:\Users\User\source\repos). Open visual studio in sql server explorer open local host and you will see that you are missing the database file in localhost delete them if they are there with a cross sign and refresh database, in the project, in startup.cs delete the bug "DbInitializer.Seed(yourvariablename);" and delete appsettings.json and also in Data go make a copy of DbINitializer and paste it in a document and then after delete from project. Then save project, and made it build, now you dont have database and nothing else and the project will run without values. Now close the visual studio. Open again, first create the appsettings.json and put the name you want for database as above I explained and after open PM>Add-Migration Initial , no problem if you before have done this with some other migration step by step , you will have now one migration, after that go to to folder data and then create a DbInitializer.cs class or paste the class you have deletet before. In the past you have deleted before change the values you want, and after in Startup.cs write DbInitializer.Seed(serviceProvider); and after that save it and in PM>update database and you will see that dtabase is created. If you go to sql server exporer and make it a refresh you wiil see the databse with datables creating but not with values. Dont be afraid, build application, devug and open and you will see it with your first populating values.
The folder of bootstrap is in wwwroot-->lib--> bootstrap and jquery. 
